Hello everyone welcome to nexteditor.dev Today I would
like to show you a project that I implemented like a social
newsfeed application with infinite scrolling.
Before looking at the implementation, let me quickly walk
through the package dot JSON file and introduce the tech
stack used in this project.
This project is built with React and TypeScript. We use
Vite for development and built performance for data fetching and
state management, we use TanStack React Query.
For infinite scrolling and optimized list rendering we use
TanStack React Virtual and axios is for API communication.
Now the project is already rendering.
So uh, I will minimize the console and expand the preview.
So you can open the preview UI from this button.
So we can focus on the application UI. As you can see, this
is social newsfeed interface with infinite scrolling. Now
let's move to the implementation.
First, let's open App.tsx file.
App.tsx is the main entry point of the application.
Here we call the useTrendingStatuses custom hook to fetch
trending statuses and manage timeline data.
Then we pass the return data into TrendingStatusList
to display the newsfeed. Next, let's open the use
trending statuses hook.
OK this custom hook handle data fetching and pagination?
Here we use use infinite query from TanStack React Query.
To load data page by page and support infinite scrolling.
We also manage loading and error.
And pagination states.
Now let's open the trending status list component. This
component is responsible for rendering the newsfeed.
To improve performance we use tanstack react virtual so only
visible items are rendered on the screen.
When user's scrolling, more data is loaded automatically.
And for this card design we separate the component
Post Card, so let's see the PostCard component.
This uh this component is responsible for rendering each
individual post design like this. Separating components and
hook helps keep the project clean and maintainable.
OK, that's a brief overview of the implementation in our
NextEditor.dev.
Thank you for watching.